Khelifi Court motivate their play pieces
Teammate will be allowed to show
It developed a lively game in which Bayern first June
both hosts played children painting against Rummenigge Asseburg at this time
Vorstopper against Dieter Böhl would have Bayern again for the first time
there should be for the injured Augenthaler
on the pop music like that
was given preference over Nachtwei
Rummenigge with them over the Spider with the 7 that is
the layman
Rummenigge relatively free in the penalty area
Dieter Hoeneß put up a fight
approximately
The Bavarians walked at first relatively light-footed through the Brunswick
a man had to be afraid at first
the hosts
and Kraus and respect
I mean yes
Referees knew this
To bitter bitter that would have been for the Braunschweiger
Penalty decide we see that he is currently with
he fits model series
with seat pulls Kraus
the right leg b
Strike the game luckily
for the Braunschweiger the referee was here Hanover
so far this was the first one
now finally the simplest ones are looked after
nominally
Barça meets here
Claire t Udo Horsmann
today and words said
single tips
with the four Hollmann today in midfield with the hostess
and lux
a brave full back one of the strongest again wanted after his
Injury break in Dresden of Brunswick Eintracht
now the hosts had caught on the fight too to theirs
move
praises again
playfully elegant but b
the winners and ballers were often sent by the
Brunswick one
summed
give such things
I notice reservations against a very difficult stand
also run
Domenica constructions were
yes there would be approx
a left-footed shot
but now come to the middle of the first half of the game
the Braunschweiger is also courageous end open
Hits at Ahlen threatened with expulsion
prepared
unfortunately only about 25 thousand spectators with the with this initial phase quite
could be satisfied
the Bavarians energetically one felt that they after the departure in the European Cup
good for the championship and here you can escape 16 minutes
Spielgemeinschaft Stadion a goal through Rummenigge «We'll see it soon
once the light needed uncertainty
Breitner flank in the Braunschweiger defense two players are not
some of the ball bounced
there shows Karl 1
Michael, what a master is
out of the turn
Race unattainable for Bernd Franke
Braunschweig but by no means shocked also sought his chance me
approached for the Bayern mainly by individual actions
Ronnie has been 20 meters
but then again Bayern does not have to repeat Rheine varied
game
here is now »continued the power failed I have no more money
Maybe he can return in October offers the company
I do not have a picture